Modify rule S6347: Update for educational format (#1849)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6347/php/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

WordPress makes it possible to define options using `define` statements inside a configuration file named `wp-config.php`.

> However, if `define` statements are located at the end of this file, they are ignored by WordPress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if the statements are located after the settings are loaded at the end of this file, they are not taken into account by WordPress.
```

> This rule raises an issue when a `define` statement appears after `wp-settings.php` is loaded.

Reviewer: You could add a few lines about "=== What is the potential impact?" Something like: security-relevant configuration could be ignored and not considered without any warning.
